It contains four directories that are described below:
    1. problem_details:
        We have used 6 programming problems in our experiments. A subdirectory is created for each problem in this directory. Each subdirectory contains:
            a. The problem statement in the file _statement.txt
            b. Testcases containing an input in file inputx.txt and the corresponding output in file outputx.txt
            c. A reference solution in the file solution.c.

    2. filters:
        The 6 subdirectories containing 7 filters, as described in the paper.
            a. kEL represents solutions that contain k error lines and pass atleast 1 testcase. It contains subdirectories named from submission_1 to submission_j, and each submission directory contains a pair of correct and incorrect solutions. The difference between correct and incorrect solutions is of k lines. To find the difference between the two solutions, we have used an external tool named Clara. In the pair, a correct solution by a student X is selected for an incorrect solution by the same student. If no such correct solution by student X is available, then we compare the incorrect solution with the reference solution.
            b. The solutions in 2FT fail one or two testcases.
            c. LIS contains the last incorrect solution by a student that passes atleast 1 testcase.
            d. 2FT_intersect_LIS_intersect_kEL contains solutions that come at the intersection of 2FT, LIS, and kEL.
            e. passing_atleast_1_test_but_not_all contains incorrect solutions that do not fail all test cases.
            f. incorrect_solutions is a superset of the previous one. It contains solutions that can fail all the test cases.
        If a subdirectory is missing any of the above-described filters, then it represents that no solution falls into that filter.
    3. additional_filters:
        It contains subdirectories for various combinations of individual filters 2FT, kEL and LIS.

    4. refute_questions:
        It contains the solutions that we have selected from different filters and used in the user study.

Note: 
    Format of solution files:
        studentid_submission#.c

    Example:
        d744c2c2-350a-11e5-b84e-0242ac110011_003.c
        studentid: d744c2c2-350a-11e5-b84e-0242ac110011
        submission#: 003
